Welcome to your Bible study.
Millions around the world enjoy this interactive Bible course.
And we hope you will too.
What will you learn?
How to have a happy family life.
How to cope with anxiety.
How to draw closer to God.
And why you can hope for a better future.
What can you expect during a study session?
Your teacher may begin the study with a brief prayer.
Next, you will discuss the first page of the lesson.
Read a paragraph and then discuss the question for that paragraph.
Before reading the next, most paragraphs have key Bible verses highlighted.
Your teacher will also read and discuss with you other verses, especially those marked read.
Next, read and discuss the section dig deeper.
By reading scriptures, discussing questions and watching videos that are available to you,
you will learn more about how the topic of the lesson can help you personally.
Finally, after reviewing the lesson, your teacher may say a prayer to end the study session.
How often do you need to have a study session?
And how long should each session last?
This is flexible.
But to maximize the benefits of this course, we recommend covering at least one lesson per week.
The Bible is the world's best guide to a happy life.
Discover how it can help you in this interactive Bible course.